hey guys is Luxur here from digitarium
in this video we are going to share a
quick review on heating tests for the
Lumia 540 which was launched recently in
India the device is available for just
apiece ten thousand in Indian market and
in this video of airplane to going to
play two games on the device these would
be asphalt 8 and subway suffer so we'll
start with surface surface but before
that let me just take the temperature
reading for the device the back
temperature is around 30 degree Celsius
as of now at the front you have a
temperature of around 30 degree as well
we haven't seen any Lumia devices with
heating issues in the past and we are
expecting that there would be no heating
issue with this device but just to be
sure we are taking the temperature
readings so let's start with subway
surfers then we'll move on to asphalt 8
then we'll show you the game quality as
well as the graphic quality so here the
first games of this surfers and as you
can see the game is and it quite
smoothly on this device without any
issues and the display quality is pretty
good the touch response for the display
is nice they're not facing any kind of
lag or issues and no issues with the
display as well while trying to navigate
a player to the game so our first game
subway surfers is running quite smoothly
on the device and will simply move on to
a second game which would be asphalt 8
so let's see if the device can handle a
second game or not so here's our second
game is Fault 8 and as you can see the
device is able to run that means but
there are minor lag while playing the
games which can be easily self
unfortunately Windows does not offer to
reduce the resolution or the games
optics
so Lumia 540 is able to run the game but
it is not smooth you will face a minor
lag while running the game so you can
enjoy low end and medium-range games on
Lumia 540 without any issues it comes to
the 5-inch display and is powered by a
Snapdragon 200 processor so in high-end
games you will say some minor lad but
the good thing is you can enjoy game
from this device
so overall the run to game from the
device these were some place offers on
asphalt 8
let me just not check the temperature
it's 35 degrees I'm 37 here so the
temperature has rise around 70 degree
Celsius after giving session of around
150 minutes a different attack on
temperature of 38 degree Celsius so the
temperature is there below normal
temperature there is no major heating
issues we can easily hold the device we
are not facing any difficulties by
holding the device coming back to the
gaming performance the device can handle
low-end and mid-range games with ease
but for high-end games like asphalt 8
another games like modern combat know
what we you might face a little lag well
during the game so if you are a hardcore
gamer it might disappoint you but if you
are normal of casual gamer this device
is quite decent for gaming purposes and
we will be covering more feature of this
device in upcoming videos till then stay
tuned and don't forget to hit the red
subscribe button present below the video
thanks for watching